in today's video we are gonna summarize
2008's action horror
day of the dead a small colorado town is
overrun by the flesh-hungry dead
and a small group of survivors tried to
escape in a last-ditch effort to stay
alive
spoilers ahead you have been warned
don't forget to give it a thumbs up
comment on what was your favorite part
subscribe to our channel
and let's get started trevor and nina
are slow dancing in a room lit with
candles
they are in an abandoned house with
travis friend kyle and his girlfriend
kyle coughs why they are making out but
they still continue nina wants to
explore the building
so she and trevor go to look around with
candles the city border is
in chaos long lines of traffic wait to
go outside the city
but the army stops them a man wants to
take his kid to the hospital outside the
town
but the captain doesn't let him corporal
sarah convinces him to take his kid to
the town's hospital
meanwhile nina and trevor go back to
trevor's house as kyle stands up his
nose starts
bleeding trevor kyle and nina drive away
in trevor's jeep while the other girl
walks home through the woods
she notices someone following her and
runs but cannot get far enough before
she falls into a ditch
the stalker drags her from there we see
a piece of flesh
falling to the ditch corporal sarah is
also trevor's elder sister
she comes home to trevor and nina making
out in the living room trevor tells her
that their mom has not been feeling well
and is in her room
sarah goes to check on her to see she
has a very high
fever she orders trevor to get their mom
dressed and wait until she comes to take
her to the hospital
sarah then goes to check up on kyle
because nina mentioned he had the flu
too
sarah and private bud crane go to kyle's
house to find everything scattered and
blood splatters on the wall
they go further in and find the dead
bodies of kyle's parents
their faces had been mauled sarah and
bud quickly get out and call the police
she then gets back to her to pick up
trevor nina and her mother
as they drive to the hospital their
mother gets a nosebleed
finally they get to the hospital but it
is crowded with people
all of them have the same symptoms of
flu sarah's senior captain is
also there he calls sarah aside to talk
about the situation trevor and nina go
to check on nina's father as he is
admitted to the hospital as well
bud stays with sarah's mother he is
talking to her about sarah when she
stops talking
abruptly he looks around and sees the
same symptom in other people as well
he rushes to call sarah sarah and the
captain are in dr logan's cabin
talking about kyle's parents dead bodies
trevor and nina are with her father
suddenly he stops talking we see his
brain cells being attacked by the virus
his eyes start to lose their color and
his face starts to distort
then he suddenly attacks her mother
biting off a chunk of flesh from her
face
the city is in havoc the infected people
are going around
eating people it is as if the virus has
turned them into zombies
at the town's radio station a jockey and
a police officer see people biting each
other through the window
they go outside to check when the
officer is kidnapped by a group of
zombies the jockey however manages to
run inside the station and close the
doors
at the hospital the zombies dominate
everyone the virus has given them
supernatural power that allows them to
run
jump long distances and crawl on the
ceiling
nina and trevor run around the hospital
whilst being chased by a group of them
they somehow find the exit and escape
they then walk through the woods and
reach the front of the radio station
from there they see a person hiding in
the building through the windows
and plan to run inside meanwhile at the
hospital the captain is kidnapped and
eaten by the zombies as well but bud
sarah and dr logan managed to hide in dr
logan's lab
bud dropped his car keys while fighting
the zombies earlier sarah and he planned
to go to the room where the captain was
killed
through the ceiling ducks to get his
keys and drive home in his car
nina and trevor run to the station and
bang on its doors when the jockey
finally lets them inside
there are two more people hiding in the
station all of them have the flu and are
coughing
in the hospital sarah and bud crawl
through the ducts to reach the room the
captain's remains are in they get his
keys and his gun
private salazar is in the room hiding in
the closet the three of them go back to
the lab through the ducks but the
captain has turned into a zombie and
goes after them
everyone escapes but bud gets bitten by
him in the palm sarah applies bleach to
his wounds to kill the virus
salazar wants to shoot him dead as he
will be turning into a zombie but
sarah stops him meanwhile trevor from
the radio station announces their
location
and asks for help from anyone listening
sarah and the group
run away from the hospital but are
attacked by many zombies on the way
they figure out that a shot on the head
can kill the zombies
dr logan baits a girl to the zombie gets
into his car and drives away leaving the
rest of the group there
when they are out of bullets they figure
out that fire can kill the zombies as
well
finally they get into the captain's car
and drive away
however the zombies get on top of the
car sarah swerves several times to get
rid of them
on their way they see several zombies
killing and eating people on the road
one of the zombies tries to climb up the
radio station through the emergency exit
but trevor drops a desk on it to make it
fall nina notices a bloody tissue paper
in the bin
sarah budd and salazar pull over to a
gun shop salazar goes into the shop as
sarah zip ties bud's hands
in case he turns into a zombie sarah and
salazar then load up the guns
when they get back inside the car bud
has turned into one of them
salazar is about to shoot him when sarah
stops him saying that he is harmless
because he is zip tied
they drive away from there they plan to
drive out of the city but just then
sarah hears trevor's voice asking for
help on the radio
she turns the car back to go and help
them from the window of the building
trevor sees his mom walking alone in the
street
not knowing that she has turned into a
zombie 2 he runs to let her in
sarah runs over several zombies while
driving nina tries to stop trevor saying
she could be infected
however trevor still opens the door and
runs to get her
when he gets near he notices that his
mother has indeed turned into a zombie
she runs to attack them but sarah and
the group get there just in time
sarah runs over to her mother to save
trevor trevor is in shock
sarah assures him that she wasn't their
mother anymore
sarah then asks nina to bring the other
people from the building downstairs to
save them
nina goes up to see no one is around
she goes further in and notices the man
lying on the floor
his face has been eaten by a zombie just
then we see the woman behind her
she has turned into a zombie as well as
nina turns around
she is attacked by her to the ground
trevor runs upstairs too
nina fights the woman with much
determination just then trevor comes
there and
runs to save nina the woman attacks him
as well
they push her off the window and kill
her sarah calls trevor and nina to
quickly come downstairs
the zombies run towards them but they
managed to get into the car
and run away bud is still in the car but
he doesn't try to eat them
salazar is confused as to why they stop
the car at the border to talk to some
officers
sarah rolls her window down but the man
attacks her instead
all of them have turned into zombies too
trevor gets out of the car and shoots
him
salazar gets out too and starts firing
at the other zombies
a group of zombies attack them again
this time
they are armed they run towards the
group firing openly
all of them quickly rush into the car
since the border is sealed they cannot
go out of the town
trevor suggests an alternative way as
they go through it
trevor and sarah get into an argument
just then
kyle runs out of the woods and jumps in
front of their car sarah tries to swerve
but the car hits a tree and stops
they get out and kill kyle since the car
doesn't work they have to walk to get
out
the group collects as many guns from the
car as they can and start walking
they take bud too they reach the
abandoned house from earlier
they get inside and lock the doors
suddenly bud starts screaming
continuously
sarah orders him to stop but he doesn't
just then a zombie
breaks the wooden door and grabs sarah
she manages to get away from him and
shoots him in the face but a massive
group of zombies enters the house
the group runs away as bud tries to stop
them seeing that he is against them
the zombies kill him the rest of the
group run away and end up in a modern
bunker inside the abandoned
house they are confused but they go
further into check
the place has several computers and
electronics they hear a sound and notice
that they are not alone there
sarah and salazar go outside the room to
check there are several labs filled with
bottles of chemicals and medicines in
the place
they find dr logan hiding in a room he
says he is there to hide from the
zombies but the other two believe he is
here to hide some kind of evidence
they find a paper with the name project
wildfire and dr logan's name written on
it
sarah threatens him to tell them the
truth he tells him that they are a part
of a research regarding a virus
just then trevor comes in with a video
he found in the room the video is of a
doctor explaining that the project was
initially started to create a bioweapon
to defeat the enemy combatants by
temporarily shutting down the nervous
system
but it had somehow mutated and now
anyone who gets it turns into a
zombie-like creature
as the doctor talks he too turns into a
zombie in the video
as the group walks through the hallway
the doctor who had turned into the
zombie takes dr logan from the ceiling
his body falls in front of them the
group separates into two
sarah and salazar find a secret bunker
they go inside only to be attacked by a
mob of zombies
they take salazar but sarah manages to
escape
nina sarah and trevor are now in a room
where they find large gas cylinders
sarah suggests they lure all the zombies
in one place and burn them with the
cylinders
sarah runs out to lure the zombies in
but the doctor grabs her and is about to
kill her
just then bud starts firing from the
group of zombies
the doctor attacks him instead of sarah
she then runs luring all the other
zombies into the room
their plan works successfully and all
the zombies are burned
they finally escape outside and drive
away in dr logan's car
the movie ends as a zombie attacks the
camera
thank you so much for watching the video
make sure to like it and leave a comment
down below
subscribe to our channel for more videos